please take a moment to uh just quietly
read the three words on the blackboard
here I'll wait how you feeling you know
a few such arrangements are capable of
stimulating so much desire so much
nostalgia so much saliva and yet for me
these words represent disappointment
dishonesty and disillusionment that's
because whenever and wherever people say
they're gonna make you a grilled cheese
sandwich what they really mean is
they're gonna make you a griddled
sandwich containing some melted cheese
will not me know when I say grilled
cheese sandwich I mean a grilled
sandwich containing grilled cheese and
here's how I do it you're gonna need a
charcoal grill notice here that I've got
a large chimney starters worth of
charcoal already started and piled up
just on one side of the grill yes see I
use natural chunk charcoal because I'm
well I'm naturally chunky as for the
actual ingredients for two sandwiches
you're gonna need four half-inch slices
a good hearty country-style bread all
right you're gonna need some fat for
this if you're a butter fan go ahead and
spread a little on both sides if however
you prefer olive oil hold off until
we're just a little bit closer to the
fire time as for the cheese I believe
that two cheeses are better than none I
want sharp but I want nutty too and I
want a little spice
I want the edges to crust yet I want a
high gooeyness factor so I've got three
ounces of extra sharp cheddar cheese and
3 ounces of Gruyere and yes I grated
them myself and yes I can tell the
difference by the way no pre graded back
stuff or I'll find out about it I'll be
unhappy all right come here a secret
weapon is that I add spices all right I
stir in a teaspoon of dry mustard 1/2 a
teaspoon of smoked paprika and a quarter
teaspoon of freshly ground black pepper
now you could leave any or all of these
out but you're not going to and we both
know it good now as far as hardware goes
I have got my favorite pair of
spring-loaded tongs and check this out
to grill spatula
with minor augmentations I've used my
favorite multitasker heavy-duty foil to
make them both into shallow trays with
just a little bit of lift and here is
why because I'm gonna evenly distribute
the cheese on both half goes there half
goes there I'm gonna spill a little
that's the way it goes now put the
cheese down off direct heat you want
indirect heat on the cheese or it will
burn you're gonna have to move this
around and shift it several times during
the six to nine minutes it's going to
take to get nice and bubbly and listen
hey hey seriously when this stuff starts
bubbling don't look right at it or you
will become hypnotized I promise leave
that alone
let's prep the bread now I do want to go
with olive oil so I'm just gonna kind of
spritz this down lightly on both sides I
don't care if it's perfect coverage you
can use a brush if you want to I just
like using the spritzer because I hate
cleaning brushes that's gonna go over
direct heat and here's the the danger
the stuff uh could burn so you're gonna
have to really keep an eye on it and
keep it moving I am NOT going to leave
this spot now that the the bread is down
see that one's obviously a little warm
so we're gonna move it over here alright
I'm gonna take that one off and go to
the foil that's gonna be per sandwich
one I'd say these guys go pretty well
together got to move the cheese over and
this is a this is gonna be a lot easier
and it looks kind of fold down the
ellipse a little bit
slide on to the sandwich bread goes over
and then just wrap that up I'm gonna put
this back on the heat just for a couple
of minutes
indirect heats and direct heat all the
way back over here so that the cheese
and the bread can kind of get to know
each other now let's build this other
one out you go that my friends is a
grilled sandwich prepared from grilled
cheese now I know some of you make a
plain that the spatulas actually
function as a griddle but you know what
and the words of my 13 year old daughter
whatever remember America